Frequently Asked Questions

Featured

# ibus #
## My IBus tray icon is missing! ##
If you are using Ubuntu, this problem comes from Ubuntu specific patch.

https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ibus/+bug/875435

Try the following command:
```
ibus-daemon -drx
```

## I cannot use IBus on Kubuntu! ##
This is a packaging bug of Ubuntu.

https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ibus/+bug/854333

You can use the following command as a workaround:
```
sudo apt-get install gnome-icon-theme
```

# ibus-pinyin #
## I'm using Arch. ibus-pinyin is always in Double Pinyin (双拼) mode! ##
Please use ibus-libpinyin instead, it is available in Community repo.

ibus-libpinyin's UI is very similar to that of ibus-pinyin.

If you want to help us, please continue discussion in [Issue 1559](https://github.com/ibus/ibus/issues/1559)

# ibus-table #

## I cannot input Traditional Chinese characters with table-XXX! ##
Most likely, it is because your Chinese mode is not appropriate.

You can use Ctrl+; to switch Chinese mode.

If your mode cannot be saved, you may change get_chinese_mode function in /usr/share/ibus-table/engine/table.py to set your own global (apply to all tables) default.

We already know that the above solution is not good enough, please refer to [Issue 1206](https://github.com/ibus/ibus/issues/1206).

## How can I change number of candidates in table-XXX? ##
you may change `_page_size = 6` (change 6 to value you want) in /usr/share/ibus-table/engine/table.py to set your own global (apply to all tables) default.

We already know that the above solution is not good enough, please refer to [Issue 1491](https://github.com/ibus/ibus/issues/1491).

## How can I change the behavior of Space Key in table-XXX? I want to use Space Key as next page rather than commit. ##
You may use the hacks found in the following page, check history version if needed.

http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBus

They are global (apply to all tables) change also. We haven't verified them yet.

We already know that the above solution is not good enough, please refer to [Issue 881](https://github.com/ibus/ibus/issues/881).

# unknown #

## What if my problem is not listed or I don't understand the answer? ##
Free feel to ask a question in ibus-user.

https://groups.google.com/group/ibus-user/
