How to Create a table for ibus-table

Phase-Deploy,Featured

# Steps #

1. Assume the __DATADIR__  is __/usr/share__
1. Copy ${DATADIR}/ibus-table/tables/template.txt for the template to begin with. Assume it is  __your-im-table.txt__
1. Make an icon for your im, assume it is __your-im-table.svg__.
1. Edit the your-im-table.txt to suit your need.
1. Fill the actual table content between *BEGIN_TABlE* and *END_TABlE*.
  # The 1st field is "Input Key": the key sequence to produce the word/phrase
  # The 2nd field is "Phrase": Word/phrase to be produced.
  # The 3rd field is "Frequency": The usage frequency of that phrase. Phrases with more frequency will be in front of candidate list.
1. Install __ibus-table__ if you have not.
1. Run <pre>
    ```
    ibus-table-createdb -n ${DATADIR}/ibus-table/tables/your-im-table.db -s your-im.table.txt
    cp your-im-table.svg ${DATADIR}/ibus-table/icons/
    ```</pre>
1. Restart ibus-daemon by<pre>
    ```
    ibus-daemon -drx
    ```</pre>
1. Enjoy your input method. :-)

# For input method developers #
It is recommended to split database building and index creating,
as it makes distro packagers' life easier.

Use *-o* option of __ibus-table-create__ to build database without creating index;
use *-i* option of __ibus-table-create__ to create index without building database.

# For packagers #
Install the database file which is built by __ibus-table-create__ *-o*,
and create index with __ibus-table-create__ *-i* in your post-install script script.
